
result_planning/instance1/result24141001/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141002/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141004/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141005/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141007/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141008/planning_feed2.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141009/planning_feed5.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
Cannot place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance1/result24141010/planning.py
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance2/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141006/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line

pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron

pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder

pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid

pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance2/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance3/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141006/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance3/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance4/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141002/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141003/planning_feed5.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
Cannot place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141005/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141007/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141009/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance4/result24141010/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance5/result24141001/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141002/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141003/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141005/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141006/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141007/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141008/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance5/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance6/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141002/planning.py
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141005/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141006/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141007/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141008/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141009/planning_feed5.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
Cannot pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance6/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance7/result24141001/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141002/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141005/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141006/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141007/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141008/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance7/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance8/result24141001/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141002/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141003/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141004/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141005/planning_feed3.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141007/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141009/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance8/result24141010/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance9/result24141001/planning_feed1.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141003/planning_feed4.py
pick transparent_2D_circle
fold transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick black_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141004/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
push transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141006/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
push transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141009/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
push transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance9/result24141010/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance10/result24141001/planning_feed2.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
Cannot pick beige_1D_line
Cannot place beige_1D_line because it is not being held
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141002/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141003/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141004/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141005/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141006/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141007/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141008/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141009/planning_feed1.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance10/result24141010/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance11/result24141001/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141002/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141003/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141004/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141005/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141006/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141007/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141008/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141009/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance11/result24141010/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance12/result24141001/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141003/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141004/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141009/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance12/result24141010/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance13/result24141001/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141002/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141003/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141004/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141005/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141006/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141007/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141008/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141009/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance13/result24141010/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_cuboid
place red_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance14/result24141001/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141002/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141005/planning_feed4.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141006/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141007/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141009/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance14/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance15/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141006/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance15/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance16/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141002/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141005/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141006/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141007/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141008/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141009/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance16/result24141010/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance17/result24141001/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141002/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141003/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141004/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141006/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141007/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141009/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance17/result24141010/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance18/result24141001/planning_feed4.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141002/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141003/planning_feed3.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
push white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
push blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141004/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141005/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141006/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141007/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141009/planning_feed5.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
Cannot pick gray_1D_line
Cannot place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance18/result24141010/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance19/result24141001/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141003/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141004/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141009/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance19/result24141010/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance20/result24141001/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141002/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141004/planning_feed5.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
Cannot place white_3D_cylinder: No compressible object in the box.
Cannot push white_3D_cylinder
Cannot pick brown_3D_cylinder
Cannot place brown_3D_cylinder: Preconditions not met.
Cannot push brown_3D_cylinder
Cannot pick white_3D_cuboid
Cannot place white_3D_cuboid: Preconditions not met.
Cannot pick beige_1D_line
Cannot place beige_1D_line: Preconditions not met.
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141006/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141007/planning.py
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141009/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance20/result24141010/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance21/result24141001/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141002/planning_feed2.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick transparent_2D_circle
fold transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141004/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141006/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141007/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141008/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141009/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance21/result24141010/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance22/result24141001/planning.py
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141002/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141003/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141004/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141005/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141006/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141007/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141009/planning_feed1.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance22/result24141010/planning.py
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick white_3D_cuboid
place white_3D_cuboid
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance23/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141002/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141003/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141006/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141007/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141008/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141009/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance23/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance24/result24141001/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141003/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141004/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance24/result24141010/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance25/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141006/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance25/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance26/result24141001/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141002/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141003/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141007/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance26/result24141010/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance27/result24141001/planning.py

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/home/changmin/PycharmProjects/OPTPlan/result_planning/instance27/result24141001/planning.py", line 135, in <module>
    box = Box(index=0, name='box', in_bin_objects=[])
          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
TypeError: Box.__init__() missing 1 required positional argument: 'object_type'




result_planning/instance27/result24141002/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141004/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141007/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance27/result24141010/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance28/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141006/planning_feed2.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance28/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance29/result24141001/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141002/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141004/planning_feed2.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141005/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141006/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141007/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141008/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141009/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance29/result24141010/planning.py
pick yellow_3D_cuboid
place yellow_3D_cuboid
push yellow_3D_cuboid
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance30/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141004/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141006/planning_feed1.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141009/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance30/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance31/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141003/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141004/planning_feed1.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141005/planning_feed2.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141006/planning_feed2.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141007/planning_feed2.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance31/result24141010/planning_feed3.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_3D_cylinder
place blue_3D_cylinder
push blue_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
push green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance32/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141002/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141003/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141004/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141005/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141006/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141007/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141009/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance32/result24141010/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance33/result24141001/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141002/planning_feed1.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141003/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141004/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141005/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141006/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141007/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141008/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141009/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance33/result24141010/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance34/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141002/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141003/planning.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141004/planning_feed2.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141006/planning_feed2.py
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141008/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141009/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance34/result24141010/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick white_3D_cylinder
place white_3D_cylinder
push white_3D_cylinder
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance35/result24141001/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141004/planning_feed1.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141005/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141007/planning.py
bend black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141009/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance35/result24141010/planning.py
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick blue_2D_rectangle
place blue_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance36/result24141001/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141002/planning_feed2.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push yellow_2D_rectangle
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141003/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
push yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141004/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141005/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
push yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141006/planning_feed2.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141007/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
push yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141008/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
push yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141009/planning.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance36/result24141010/planning_feed1.py
fold yellow_2D_rectangle
pick yellow_2D_rectangle
place yellow_2D_rectangle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
push black_1D_line
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance37/result24141001/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141003/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141004/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141009/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick brown_3D_cylinder
place brown_3D_cylinder
push brown_3D_cylinder
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance37/result24141010/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick beige_1D_line
place beige_1D_line
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick gray_1D_line
place gray_1D_line
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
result_planning/instance38/result24141001/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141002/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141003/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141004/planning_feed2.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141005/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141006/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141007/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141008/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141009/planning_feed1.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





result_planning/instance38/result24141010/planning.py
fold transparent_2D_circle
pick transparent_2D_circle
place transparent_2D_circle
bend black_1D_line
pick black_1D_line
place black_1D_line
pick red_3D_polyhedron
place red_3D_polyhedron
push red_3D_polyhedron
pick green_3D_cylinder
place green_3D_cylinder
All task planning is done





--------------------------------------------------
Positive Rate: 98.1579%
Negative Rate: 1.5789%
Error Rate: 0.2632%
--------------------------------------------------
Negative:  exp24141009, instance:1
Negative:  exp24141003, instance:4
Negative:  exp24141009, instance:6
Negative:  exp24141001, instance:10
Negative:  exp24141009, instance:18
Negative:  exp24141004, instance:20
--------------------------------------------------
Error:  exp24141001, instance:27
--------------------------------------------------
Done

Process finished with exit code 0
